Feedback:

Pros of class:

- hands-on assignments / learning by doing
- Working in randomized pairs throughout the semester so far has really helped me get to know my classmates and share knowledge with each other.
- I like the partner activities... when we actually get to do them in class together. The independent ones don't feel like I am learning as much.

Could be improved:

- Pairing MIDS people with non MIDS people can be quite tough as non MIDS people have different availability and may have different working styles that can start to be detrimental rather than useful especially when the differences create a communication barrier with your randomly assigned pair and you have a hard time working with them.
- Group assignments should be more than individual ones. It's time effective as discussions solve most of the doubts.
- In addition to the assignments, I would really appreciate if we had mini-projects/projects due every two weeks or so that holistically incorporates every concept we've learnt so far in those two weeks. It would also really help to solidify the learning process, and understand how two concepts work with each other.
- More time to work in class

good self:

- Giving the readings time
- I am thinking critically about the libraries by using the offical documentation, this helps me see ALL the options for some of these commands and opens more doors than just doing the exercsies.

improve self:

Better Time management
Actually I am not sure if I should focus on applying jobs more or assignments.
Time management is the most important thing that can help me maximise learning.
Sometimes I need more time to finish all of the readings. When giving feedback to my partner, there are some things that I feel other people can improve, but I was so shy and did not point it out in the feedback.
Spend more time with the readings
